the yamaha yzfr6 25 star sports
eighth of a liter receives for 2014 a
update salutary story of not
fall asleep on its laurels
rather than new motorcycle we will talk
major developments both for the
plastic only to maintain its level
effectiveness
the old version already benefited
an exemplary presentation the
new does not break the rule
the facies manages to be done again
more aggressive inspired yamaha yzfr6
with its air intake flanked by headlights
well- structured almond from the front and
cut like a wasp endow with
new racing wheels with sticks
in y label opera mimicry almost perfect
with current sportsmen the position of
driving is in unison with a new
t of fork up to date is surmounted by a
instrument cluster lcd unpublished at
handlebar control
the finish hardly suffers from
surface painting reviews and adjusts to
close to perfection
technically the main
changes concern suspensions
with an inverted fork of 41 mm to
front and rear shock revised
mounted on a new rod of
progressivity
for its part the braking receives a
4-piston radial calliper at the front
geometry evolves towards more stability
with hunting is hunting angle in
rise
for its part the engine counts not less
70 new cylinder parts segment
cylinder head injection calculator but also
barrel of selection and clutch have
been redesigned changes that
we promise more torque down
diet and consumption down if
life is not really his playground
predilection the Japanese remains
agile enough to deal with
a turning radius naturally
means in urban use flexibility
engine allows to evolve mid-range without
baton and gearbox at all
going and without knocking too much except
the tilted position on the front which
limits the power the glutes the
comfort is convincing for a
sporty also typed with its fork
beefy maousse the yamaha marks a
progress in rigidity the bike
does not dive under the effect of the
increased power of braking rigor and
curve accuracy still rises by one
guts
the fifteen motor horses do not
never manage to disrupt the
chassis stability whether it's tax
on the corner or at full speed even on
imperfect road the good will of the
engine does not prevent the small
single cylinder ride in the towers
with rage he seems to have
progressed in elongation since it is
possible to reach the 131 km time
counter without triggering the chief light
in the end there are irons 125 filled
his contract brilliantly excellent school
piloting for young people she offers
to the license holders b the joys and
the sensations of a real sports bike